Hey Shrutik!

First off, I want to say thank you so much for trusting me to be a part of your job search journey! It means a lot :) This email community has become one of the most rewarding parts of my work and I’m so grateful to have you as a part of it!

I’ve been in the hiring / job search coaching world since 2009 and I want to share everything I possibly can with you to make your job search as short, painless, and successful as possible :)

My main goal with this email list is to take the mystery out of this whole process for you so that:

    You'll know hiring managers will 💛 love 💛 your resume
    You won't be surprised when you see another interview invitation in your inbox 📧
    You'll have a plan for every question that comes up in your interviews, and
    You'll be expecting the call 📱 when they offer you the job

Now that you’re a part of this community, let me give you a little idea about what to expect:

    I’m here to help you land your new job ASAP, so over the next week or so, I’m going to be sending you 4 more emails that include my best advice and resources to streamline your job search and position you as a TOP candidate in your field.
    You’ll also be getting my twice-weekly email blasts (usually on Tuesdays and Thursdays) with my best advice that is most relevant to the top trends in today’s job search landscape.
    I will occasionally be offering low-cost, high-value resources that I have created (to support myself so I can keep doing this full-time), and I promise those will be my absolute BEST resources and you’ll have access to the lowest price I can offer :)

Your To-Do List for Today: 4 things to do now to get the most from me:

    Please whitelist my emails. Otherwise, emails may not get through, and you may miss important information. If you use Gmail, just drag this email over to the "Primary" tab, and drop it there. That way you won't miss any of your upcoming tips and secrets.
    ​
    Download your FREE checklist here:
    ​Your Badass LinkedIn Profile Checklist by Greg Langstaff.pdf​
    ​
    If you haven’t already done so, check out my ​Mega Resume & Cover Letter Bundle​ which contains all my best resources to help you get a great new job MUCH FASTER with WAY LESS STRESS!
    ​
    Check out my ​FREE RESUME WRITING COURSE​ on YouTube!!!

That's all for today...

And remember, you deserve a job you love!

Greg Langstaff (He/Him) Certified Resume Strategist & Interview Coach

P.S. Keep your eyes on your inbox tomorrow for an email from me because I'm going to be sending you some BIG TIME resume advice that is going to give you a serious leg up on other applicants!